1. user can fork travelers guide and add his own additions to the guide. this forking must be more gaining than stealing the guide. 
2. user can merge several travelers and have two types of view before merge, how much of these two travelers info is overlapped. and overlapping must be assessed based on AI. for example one traveler has a guide for paris and in this guide there is only info about louvre and orsey, he has only these two locations, another traveler has 5 locations in total and also louvre and orsey, this means this merge traveler 1 100% and traveler 2 2/5 %. NEEDS ALGO FOR PAYMENT
3. when travelers guide is forked, one who forks it, must be able to change priorities of the items in guide, add locations and remove locations.
4. because of prioritizing part, each location must be a distinct item in the guide so they can be prioritized like in Trello board.
5. Top this like platforms must be analyzed and ideal approach for guidebook gotten
6. guidebooks must be sampled based on days, day 1, day2, day 3, ect. when one enters a day, locations must be structured based on priority, time approximations added, also each location must be easily redirected to google maps, each location must have an option to add photos, time it takes, description also hashes option and possibility of several links that will drive user to other pages, where there is different descriptions or history of the apps.
7. travelers profile must be as Instagram profile, almost the same, it must have a profile photo, description, followers and following, also how much of his projects wre forked and how much did he fork. but also instead of photos as in intagram, there must be travelers guides, for example, paris, London, England, France, lyon, ect, ones he uploads.
8. overall design of the map must be something in between Instagram and google maps.
9. for free app can accept only free locations, museums, places ect. if traveler wants to add restaurants to his guide, it costs money, if this like of ertantaiment also, this also costs money. 
10. for the location to pass easily it must have definition museum in maps
11.app must also enable travelers to provide guided geolocation audio. you enter the place, enter the lot number and listen from phone. audiogides can be aprooved by the museum or not. 
12. when one enters app first time, app, he must fill his interests and data, then suggested influencers from his region must appear.
13. this app provides ability to have influencers guides that share the same culture as you
14. when you follow influencer on his profile, (almost the same as Instagram) instead of photos he has locations listed, for example paris, London ect. or you can move to the map google map api and search your needed location and see which influencers are there. if one pushes on influencer he must move to his profile that looks almost as Instagram and this locations guide must be filtered.
15. influencers must have rating up to 5.0 stars. also followers quantity, purchasers Q and forked Q.
16. user must have ability to filter locations and influencers based on traveling interests, shopping/museums/ect
17. user must have ability to filter guides based of traveling days and steps one wants to have a day.
18. when new influencer registers and there is already a old influencer registered who had a guide that is more than 95% matched with new influencer, one who is placing a new guide which is more than 95% matched with the old guide can choose how much income from this exact guide he wants to split with old author. and for this splitting income one is getting badges and this is also shown on profile.
19. one can even fork others guide if other has posted guide a lot of time ago and other also placed his guide a lot time ago. user A placed guide on 01/01/2024, user b placed on 01/01/2025 and it is possible that user b forks user A's guide on 01/01/2026, this is possible to happen.
20. for the future there can be some discounts offered by members within their guide, for example museums, but as it is stated above, adding restaurants or such entities considers payment. also restaurants and such entities must have detailed and true information about names and google rating.
21. when user purchases a guide, one must be able to add his additions to it. IMPORTANT! user must be able to place influencers guide on his calendar, also his map automatically, this is a big value of this app, it enables to avoid lot of work by simple click to move to calendar, while traveling it is a huge headache to gather information where to go, how to prioritize and also place them on map and calendar by priority. this app will manage this for you.
22. guides will usually be bought before traveling, so this must be considered. also must be considered that user may be able to add exact date and time of arrival and departure so if guide creator considered this, guide will be adapted to user.
23. guide locations can have small icons, where guide creator can add links for google maps, and also another icon for description and another one for youtube video link. but when you purchase the guide, locations provided there must also appear on the map, guide must have an icon on right top that redirects to the map that shows all the locations of this guide.
24. influencer must state guide sales price and forked sales price, forked sales price cannot be more than separate sales price. but if someone forks his guide and places more amount than his separate price than it is correct floe of the process.
25. priorities must be seen on the app only.
